---
title: "ISpaRo Paper Announcement"
categories:
  - Conference Announcements
tags:
  - Regolith
  - Origami Covers
  - Space Robotics
  - ISpaRo
---

I am proud to announce that I will be presenting my research at the second annual [International Conference on Space Robotics](www.isparo.space)

#Paper Details
## Simulated Regolith Testing of Origami-Based Covers for Space Robots
### Authors: Brigid Hickey, Ryan St. Pierre
### Published to: [The International Conference on Space Robotics](https://www.isparo.space)
### Date Published: 2025

>  A novel benchtop method is presented for eval-
uating abrasion-induced damage and particulate intrusion in
flexible, origami-based covers intended for planetary explo-
ration. Using a rock tumbler with silicon carbide grit as a
regolith simulant, this compact, repeatable setup simulates
continuous abrasion in a controlled laboratory environment.
The protocol enables rapid design iteration by accelerating
wear within a 24-hour cycle, making it well suited for early-
stage validation of protective structures. Weight measurements
and image-based tear analysis were used to assess regolith
accumulation and structural failure across cover designs with
3, 4, and 5 pleats. Results found using the proposed approach
showed that increased pleat count led to more frequent and
distributed tearing, particularly at fold intersections. However,
these tears generally reduced particulate accumulation, suggest-
ing a trade-off between flexibility and environmental protection.
The approach can be extended to other simulants, including
returned regolith, offering a scalable framework for qualifying
protective structures in space robotics.
